Mm
mm mm
That's our excuse. ha ha ha
mm
oh
Louisville.
um ha  ha ha monolisa
Mmm
mm
ummmmm mm no
She doesn't feel sorry.
ha ha huh
m mmm
Mmm
mm
I just watched a TV program.
about Mr. Smith Clark.
Dr. Smith Clark. Clark.
Clark. Clark sensei. Who was.
the ambitious in Christ.
yeah yeah so i was watching his document
and where he was born, raised in somewhere.
in the east coast in America.
and the clock tower actually in Sapporo
They imitate the church clock tower
where he was born then they built in Hokkaido
Yeah.
ha ha ha
Yeah, I was like, oh, that doctor is from America.
yeah where it clucked since it was born yeah
Mm
mm
Die inside?
um mm
mm
yeah yeah yeah
Oh.
mm
London! Yeah!
It was very, what to say, compact.
yeah houses were small
yeah I was like well this is so narrow and yeah very
Well, compared to America, yes, it was very narrow and
Compact and yeah, I was quite surprised
London, I would say. The houses!
(***)
huh ha
yeah yeah (***)
But you don't see independent house.
In the countryside? City?
I only saw those complexes! oh
mm
Oh. ha ha